Pd-134 new article true command administration initial config (#1780)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/InitialConfig.md

---
title: "Creating the Initial Configuration"
description: "This article describes how to initially configure TrueCommand."
aliases:
weight: 20
tags:
- tcinstall
- tcadmin
- tcconfig
- tcresetpwd
- scaletoptoolbar
- coretoptoolbar
---
{{< toc >}}

> TrueCommand allows you to manage all your TrueNAS systems from one location. This multi-system management increases efficiency and simplifes operations. To get started with the initial configuration of TrueCommand, ensure that the following steps have been completed:

Reviewer: Active voice, present tense
```suggestion
TrueCommand allows you to manage all your TrueNAS systems from one location. This multi-system management increases efficiency and simplifes operations. 
To get started with the initial configuration of TrueCommand, complete these steps:
```

Author: Change made.

> * You have created the administrator account. See [Creating the Admin Account]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/AdminAccounts.md" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: convert these to summary steps in an ordered list might be a better way to guide them through the objective, which is to configure using the Administration page:
```suggestion
1. Create the administrator account. See [Creating the Admin Account]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/AdminAccounts.md" >}}) for more information.
```

Author: Change made.

> * You have created the necessary user accounts. See [Creating User Accounts]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/UserAccounts.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the necessary user accounts. See [Creating User Accounts]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/UserAccounts.md" >}}).
```

Author: Change made.

> * You familiar with the interface toolbars and icons. Review them here [Interface Overview]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/InterfaceOverview.md" >}}).

Reviewer: this is not necessarily a step, but we can make it one
```suggestion
3. Become familiar with the interface toolbars and icons. Review them here [Interface Overview]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/InterfaceOverview.md" >}}).
```

Author: Change made.

* You have connected your first TrueNAS system. See [Connecting Your First TrueNAS System]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/ConnectingTrueNAS.md" >}}) for more information.

> 

Reviewer: I think adding this general section provides a good introduction to the next set of sections and instructions.

> 

Author: Heading modified.

The **Administration** page, available to users with administrator permissions, displays additional system details and offers a variety of TrueCommand configuration options.

> Click the **Configure** <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Settings">settings</i> icon and select **Administration** to access the **Administration** page. It is organized into **About**, **Certificates**, and **Configuration** panes.

Reviewer: We are now moving away from using panes in favor of using widgets to describe these information cards.
```suggestion
Click the **Configure** <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Settings">settings</i> icon and select **Administration** to access the **Administration** screen. It is organized into **About**, **Certificates**, and **Configuration** widgets (functional and information cards).
```

Author: Change made.

![TrueCommand231AdminSystemInfo](/images/TrueCommand/2.3.1/TrueCommand231AdminSystemInfo.png "Administration Configuration")

> ## About

Author: Change made.

> The **About** pane contains the current TrueCommand system ID and version, contact information for iXsystems, and license details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **About** widget displays the current TrueCommand system ID and version, contact information for iXsystems, and license details. 
```

Author: Change made.

> ### Updating the License

Reviewer: changing the heading level
```suggestion
#### Updating the License
```

Author: Change made.

You can expand TrueCommand to monitor more disks by upgrading or purchasing a license from iXsystems.
Click **GET A LICENSE** to open a new browser tab to purchase a TrueCommand license.
You can also contact iXsystems to upgrade the current license.

After you upgrade or purchase a new license, you must upload it to TrueCommand.
Click **Browse…** to open a file browser on your local system.
Select the new license file to upload and click **UPLOAD LICENSE** to apply the new license to TrueCommand.

> ## Certificates

Reviewer: changing heading level and text
```suggestion
### Certificates Widget
```

Author: Change made.

> The **Certificates** pane shows the certificates and Certificate Authorities (CAs) TrueCommand uses and has options to upload or import a certificate or CA.

Reviewer: changing use of pane to widget
```suggestion
The **Certificates** widget shows the certificates and Certificate Authorities (CAs) TrueCommand uses and has options to upload or import a certificate or CA.
```

Author: Change made.

## LDAP Servers

Users can configure TrueCommand to use [LDAP servers]({{< relref "LDAPServers.md" >}}) for security and authentication management among connected TruNAS systems.

{{< include file="static/includes/TrueCommand/2.0/TrueCommandLDAP.md.part" markdown="true" >}}

## LDAP Teams

The **LDAP Teams** widget allows you to add TrueCommand teams to your LDAP server by clicking **JOIN** and selecting a team from the list.

## Alert Recipients

The **Alert Recipients** widget allows you to add email addresses to your LDAP server by clicking **ADD** and entering a valid address.

![TrueCommand231AdminAlertRecipientsNone](/images/TrueCommand/2.3.1/TrueCommand231AdminAlertRecipientsNone.png "Administration: Alert Recipients Widget")

Clicking the **Configure** button displays the following fields:

![TrueCommand231AdminAlertRecipientsConfigure](/images/TrueCommand/2.3.1/TrueCommand231AdminAlertRecipientsConfigure.png "Administration: Mailing List Configuration")

| Field | Value |
| ----- | ------------- |
| Mailserver | Address for the SMTP server. |
| Mailserver port | Port number the SMTP server listens to. |
| Auth user | User name for plain authentication. |

> | Auth pass | Password for plain authentication. Leave blank for no-auth. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Auth pass** | Password for plain authentication. Leave blank for no-auth. |
```

> | From | The email address of the sender. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **From** | The email address of the sender. |
```
